Create rule S5332 (#1422)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S5332/docker/recommended.adoc

== Recommended Secure Coding Practices

* Make application data transit over a secure, authenticated and encrypted protocol like TLS or SSH. Here are a few alternatives to the most common clear-text protocols:
** Use ``++sftp++``, ``++scp++``, or ``++ftps++`` instead of ``++ftp++``.
** Use ``++https++`` instead of ``++http++``.

> It is recommended to secure all transport channels (even local network) as it can take a single non-secure connection to compromise an entire application or system. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to secure all transport channels, even on local networks, as it can take a single non-secure connection to compromise an entire application or system. 
```
